let, let, let, Sam wants to let his
friend borrow his bike.
He let him use it yesterday.
He let him borrow it many times.
Light.
Lit.
Lit .Light.
set.
Lit.
Lit .Light.
Lit .it.
Lose Lost Lost Mary tries not to lose her keys.
Last week, she lost them at the store.
She's lost them many times now.
Mean Meant Meant Max wants to mean what
he says.
Yesterday, he meant every word.
He's meant everything in recent talks.
Prove Proved Proven Proved Lily tries to
prove her skills.
She proved them in the test yesterday.
She's proven herself many times now.
Ride Road Ridden Jake loves to ride horses.
Last year, he rode one in the mountains.
He's ridden horses ever since.
Ring Ring Run Tom likes to ring bells.
Yesterday, he rang the big church bell.
He's run it many times now.
Rise Rose Risen Sarah wants to rise early.
Yesterday, she rose at 6 a .m.
She's risen even earlier today.
Set Set Set Ben tries to set the table.
Yesterday, he set it beautifully.
He's set it for every dinner this week.
Shake Shook Shaken Jane tries not to
shake her drinks.
Yesterday, she shook her soda by accident.
She's shaken them too much before.
I